I trust your commissioner
You would never do something like that.
Is there something wrong with you?
Or forced
Actually, do you want to hear about my past?
After listening
Whether you want to continue the marriage or end it
I respect you.
You are my wife
I will never divorce you in my life
I was five years old.
My mom died
Mom's bones are cold
Dad led his stepmother and two sisters through the door
And here's the irony.
The two season girls
One my age
One is only a year younger than me
Your dad has been making progress with you for a long time
Yes!
My mom loves my dad so much
On the verge of death, I worried that he had no one to take care of him
Let me be filial to him
But he doesn't know
This heartless man
There was another woman out there
And a child my age
Don't worry, I will never become that person.
You know Ji Mei, who is the same age as me.
Called Gu Nuannuan
A sister Ji who is one year younger than me
Called Gu Siya
Now studying abroad
After the stepmother and sisters entered the door
I have become a person who takes care of the family
The Gu Siya sisters not only bullied me at home
Still bullying me at school
If it weren't for a senior named Wen Yu taking care of me
Protecting me might have been kicked out of school long ago
I've been looking forward to the day I come of age
Can be completely out of the control of the lonely family
18 years old
I got into my dream university
All tuition and fees are free
And scholarships.
But just when I thought I was about to leave
When the Gu family is in control
The company is jealous
Jealous stepmother and aunt Nuannuan
Drug me
Trying to destroy me